Mégane's March Serenity updates (#903)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-03/5-Events-API-logs.md

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Events API log screen"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Browse your Events API logs

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Connectivity" available="late March" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="TODO"

Reviewer: Doc link: https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/manage-event-subscription.html#debug

Author: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Connectivity" available="late March" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-event-subscription.html#debug"
```

Author: I'll merge this once the doc will be updated with content about the whole feature (and not just the download button).

To ease the debugging of your Events API-based connections, we introduce a brand new monitoring screen to display the Events API logs, whether they are just info, notices, warnings, or even errors. A great addition to help you find root causes of synchronization problems and also, without a doubt, an appreciated time-saver to understand what happened on your connections!

You can find this new screen in the `Event logs` menu of each connection. Note that you can use the date and level filters to narrow down the selection of displayed logs.

> ![Event logs screen](../img/event-logs-screen.png)

Reviewer: to be updated. The screen will be released this week, but without filters and the search bar.

Author: Screenshot added.

To finish, you can also download these logs in `.txt` format.

> ![Events API logs download button](../img/events-api-logs-download-button.png)

Reviewer: to be update - because the download button will be on the Event logs page.

::: more
[What is the Events API?](https://api.akeneo.com/events-documentation/introduction.html)  
[What is a connection?](../articles/what-is-a-connection.html)  

> [How to manage your connections?](../articles/manage-your-connections.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Subscribe and manage events](../articles/manage-event-subscription.html)
```

Author: I'll keep the "How to manage your connections?" link and add one about the management of events.

> [What is the Events API?](https://api.akeneo.com/events-documentation/introduction.html)  
> [What is a connection?](../articles/what-is-a-connection.html)  
> [How to manage your connections?](../articles/manage-your-connections.html)

Author: ```suggestion
[What is the Events API?](https://api.akeneo.com/events-documentation/introduction.html)  
[What is an event subscription?](../articles/what-is-an-event-subscription.html)  
[How to manage your event subscription?](../articles/manage-event-subscription.html)  
[What is a connection?](../articles/what-is-a-connection.html)  
[How to manage your connections?](../articles/manage-your-connections.html)
```

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/event-logs-screen.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Events API log screen"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Browse your Events API logs
::: meta-data type="New" features="Connectivity" available="late March" in="EE,GE" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-event-subscription.html#debug"

> To ease the debugging of your Events API-based connections, we introduce a brand new monitoring screen to display the Events API logs, whether they are just info, notices, warnings, or even errors. A great addition to help you find root causes of synchronization problems and also, without a doubt, an appreciated time-saver to understand what happened on your connections!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ease the debugging of your Events API-based connections, we introduced a brand new monitoring screen to display the Events API logs, whether they are just info, notices, warnings, or even errors. A great addition to help you find root causes of synchronization problems and also, without a doubt, an appreciated time-saver to understand what happened on your connections!
```
Seen with Camille, introduced (past) sounds better than present mode.

> To ease the debugging of your Events API-based connections, we introduced a brand new monitoring screen to display the Events API logs, whether they are just info, notices, warnings, or even errors. A great addition to help you find root causes of synchronization problems and also, without a doubt, an appreciated time-saver to understand what happened on your connections!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To ease the debugging of your Events API-based connections, we introduced a brand new monitoring screen to display the Events API logs, from info and notices to warnings and even errors. A great addition to help you find the root causes of synchronization problems and also, without a doubt, a welcomed time-saver to understand what happened on your connections!
```

> You can find this new screen in the `Event logs` menu of each connection. Note that you can use the date and level filters to narrow down the selection of displayed logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find this new screen under the `Event logs` menu of each connection. Note that you can use the date and level filters to narrow down the selection of displayed logs.
```

Author: @camillebourjade Is is ok to use "under" here?

Reviewer 3: I would stick to 'in'

![Event logs screen](../img/event-logs-screen.png)

> To finish, you can also download these logs in `.txt` format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, you can also download these logs in `.txt` format.
```
